hello everyone today I'll be reviewing
the Eagle Ariane
two point one
system because when I was looking at
purchasing new system I failed to find
this any video reviews of this
particular set on youtube so I feared I
would buy it upload my you know review
whatever and that way anyone else
looking for good speakers or you know
whatever these in time turning out to be
could be able to look it up and find out
so I'm gonna plug these in and show you
the setup and whatnot and then I will
get a good listen to and I have someone
else here and we'll both give our
opinions about it alright alright well
hopefully this doesn't go all contrast
crazy umm I have it set up on now as you
can see here I have the subwoofer
there's Eagle Arion over here you got
your tools down up menu reset and mute
new obviously mutes and up here either
when you click on menu changes to
troubled bass in the back to volume and
you clicked your trouble you can change
it clicked a bass change it volume all
of you see volume so these have two
three inch subs right nuts up sorry q3
of satellites on each satellite case or
whatever they have a nice black plastic
inside this nice little silver lining
and then metal one-inch tweeters I don't
know why but they're metal so up here
that's just an example I have a the
Logitech X 5 40s for my 5.1 surround
sound and although I think those are two
inch satellites there are five cases of
two inch satellites so yeah I guess I'll
play a little bit of a song I want to
play too much I have tested it with
techno MGMT whatever you want to call
them whenever you want to put them as
some bass music and some rap and it does
sound pretty good so I'll play a little
bit of some sublime and a lot
of a different song Skipton impart all
right I don't play too much but
hopefully you heard I was changing the
bass and treble levels of one came out
more than the other and here we have I
love big speakers
so yeah as you heard it has it there's
not much distortion I have it's really
hard to tell them once you put it you
know really loud with the bass high up
other than that they're pretty solid on
music I think the bass sounds great the
trouble and stuff you know if you're not
getting enough of one you can you know
just put it up and also it comes with
the remote forgot to mention and this is
a reset button and this will reset all
you the values of the trouble and the
bass but unfortunately also resets the
volume to about 50% so save trying
listen quietly you click reset it's
gonna go really loud there's also the
mute button I guess if you want to
cancel that and then of course bass down
bass up trouble down trouble up master
volume down you know so now I'm in a
little bit game and keep in mind that
whatever you hear is you know the
quality is all just going to be degraded
because you're getting it through
whatever the camera picks up and then of
course what you're listening to so it's
not gonna sound as good as it really
does so just keep in mind that whatever
you hear it sounds better
alright I'm gonna try to show some
examples
sounded really nice
let's try some grenade maybe see the
explosions use a good amount of base and
it sounds very nice doesn't have to
overpower and I'm not enough area with
crazy have explosions constantly
hopefully moves for next let's try
suppressor sounds pretty cool and then I
got shocked into the face all right
so now that there's not a whole bunch of
crazy stuff going on I do have a little
bit loud it means you can tell mom well
hopefully if you listen to your
headphones or something it has very very
good quality especially there's a whole
bunch of stuff happening it's still
maintained
I'm out of quality really clear so
that's it for games yeah alright so
that's uh that is the one of these
problems find out what that is the eagle
ariane ET r 5000 or 54 lr BK whatever
you want to call that 5.25 inch sub for
3-inch satellites with to one inch what
to McCall its tweeters so overall I
think for gaming a music I thought this
sounded very great I got them for about
$60 I think normally they run 80 or so
maybe 90 but um these were very good
speakers are very good speakers I really
enjoyed them and if you're looking to
buy a good set of computer speakers I
say definitely for the price this is a
very good set and I recommend them to
anyone who wants new speakers or has the
money so yeah thanks for watching and
hopefully your purchase will be a good
one